good morning everybody I've had several
people ask me what I think the top
louboutin pieces are for me or what I go
to the most or what I like the best and
why I've also been asked several times
about what are the best first louboutin
purchases so I'm going to combine the
two because as I thought and thought and
have said on this for some time finding
you the pieces that you go to I go to
all of them i interchange them out all
the time so what I've done is which ones
do I go to the most and it may be
slightly more excited about carrying and
i also find as i've set these out that
these also work well for the first
louboutin pieces that i would recommend
to somebody so this is a bit of a
two-fold video okay the number one thing
and this is repetitive from other videos
but I concur it's a bit it's a speedy a
speedy is a great first purchase and
it's one I never tire of I definitely
recommend it with the strap dis for
versatility and I think when it's
without that added piece in the middle
and this just sits down that looks
really nice great over my shoulder this
one happens to be the 35 if I can only
pick one size I couldn't I'm taking this
okay if I want to take one back to work
I take my 35 because it will hold
folders and other items I've had that
kind of thing but if I'm just out about
my everyday items I do like the 30 i
think it's the most classic look if i
had to pick one print i would choose a
dummy AE be ok but a speedy is my 1 i'm
including accessories and i'm also
cluded along with the handbags and what
i would absolutely have to have with it
is the mini push it this fits in well
with the bag it goes well with other
bags this could also be used as a little
wallet I've seen people do that what I
carry mine in regularly is my iPhone and
my keys
and i love this accessory but i can't
pick it for my top five this is hard
this has been really difficult so i'm
going to go with the speedy that's one
mini Pichette and then along with that
i'm going to go with the neverfull I'm
gonna go with the mm sighs and the
reason I say that the GM I love but
there's other large totes that work well
I like this mmm for every day and it
still holds lots and then I'm cheating a
little bit there's a mini Pichette and
which one do i pick I really like it to
match my bag so from do my dummy bean I
really want to take this one and if i'm
doing my monogram i really want to do
this one so now we're up to three it's
your speedy so many Pichette it's a
Never full then i'm going to pick a
wallet i would choose you don't blessed
with this one and i also have my insulin
walnut that I met concurrently carry
today and i have mentioned that i love
it and i do i'm about to do a wallet
review or show you my collection on
these but what I would choose if I could
get one that's a number one sorry not
that but if I could only get one I would
choose the zippy just because I like the
way louboutin zippers are and I like the
weight adds protection so overall I
would choose that it doesn't make me
sorry at all that I have the insula I
love the variety but I would choose for
my top 5 1 wallet and I would choose
this I would choose the style which is a
zippy and I would either choose it in
this monogram or in the DA meee bean and
probably I would choose it over all in
this monogram because I love it with
black bags I think that looks really
good but the DA maybe anivia toss up ok
so now i am at i can't even count I've
got my speedy and the mini Bichette and
the neverfull and the wallet and this is
really really really tough if I had to
pick one more I would go with this Mila
clutch I think it's really versatile as
far as what print to get this in I'm at
a loss I think the monogram is probably
the most practical
has a smaller plate here and it's not
going to show wear and tear but i love
this is your and recently was able to
get i'm sorry let's have it right here
but i'll show you the next video a
little clay and it's in the multi color
and if you want to pop a fun that is
really good so those would be my top
five I think those are great starter
pieces also and just one more time just
to make this video really long i would
go with a speedy 30 or 35 and I would go
with this little push it doesn't have to
have to illustrate just the mini
Pichette I just absolutely love this
picture though I don't always like the
collections that come out but I do like
that one I would choose a wallet as if
you wallet not in this material though
i'm happy i have this when I find a pic
one I would be in this canvas and then I
choose this neverfull and then I choose
the Miele clutch that was hard I had
somebody asked me yesterday and for
weeks it's keeps coming up and it's not
like us trying to neglect it I couldn't
decide on the top five but now who I
finally did you guys have a great day
bye